>> Mike North: I'd like to now, kind
of jump into this project that I've had
everyone check out, and
show you how it works.
So I'm gonna switch over to my code here.
>> Mike North: And
let's see,
make sure we've got everything ready.
>> Mike North: So, what I've had you check
out is a project that has
a folder in it called Exercises.
And if you open that folder up, you'll see
that we have, I believe, 11 folders here,
each of which corresponds to like a little
task that we're gonna go through today.
So these iter are basically
separate programs and
the way that you'll fire them up is,
let me make sure I kill
the one that's already running.
>> Mike North: I should
refresh this, good.
So the way you'll fire
them up is we're gonna go,
I'll get rid of my sidebar run -e,
and then you move the exercise.
And at the bottom at each of these
exercise instructions I'm gonna give you,
there'll be a command at the bottom
that will start with run dash e and
then a name.
So in this case we're
gonna start with nesting.
And you'll see a banner that says,
we've started this exercise,
and you can go and
view your app at localhost, colon 3000.
So if you go into a browser and
view that, you should start to
see something on the screen.
>> Mike North: So
what you're gonna be left
with here are some tests.
I've written a mini CSS
testing framework for
the purpose of this workshop and
it essentially finds the elements and
asserts that the styles of
them are where they should be.
If you've followed
the instructions as appropriate.
Sometimes you'll find that
I don't explicitly tell
you what to do in the instructions for
the exercise, but
you'll find that the styles
are asking you to do something.
Like the background of something
should be a particular color.
So if we look at the way this looks,
this is an example of a failing test.
It's saying that Instead of in jQuery
select or style, it looked for
this element and then expected it to
have a left padding value of ten and
instead it found a left
padding value of six.
So, what's you're gonna do
is work to pass these tests.
If you look in the exercises folder and
open one of these up,
let's open up nesting,
you'll see that you have two folders.
The public folder is what
your browser is reading, so
that's gonna include an html file and
the css that your Sass generates.
The source file,
that's where you're gonna find your Sass.
If you've installed the Chrome LiveReload
plugin, which is a really quick install.
If you Google Chrome LiveReload plugin.
If you have that installed, you should be
able to change your SAS and save the file.
And immediately see, those ramifications
pop up as you make those changes.
I had mine off, I'm gonna turn it back on.
So I just saved and you can see that
it went green and here it goes back.
So this is a really nice way that
you can kinda have, the tests and
the app running and just work on your SaS
and just be, every time you save the file,
you'll see that more test had passed.
Some of the colors that you've applied
have now been applied in the buttons
that are here and so on.
Does anyone have a question
about how this works?
All right, feel free to put your hand
up if you run into trouble here and
with that let's look at
the instructions for
our first exercise
>> Mike North: So what we're
trying to build is the thing I'm showing
you on the right hand of the screen here.
We're trying to build some buttons
where we have a primary button,
a secondary button that sort of
jumps out less in terms of color.
And they both have styling for
their disabled states.
So, the buttons must have 10px
padding on left and right.
2 pixels on the top and bottom.
There's some requirements for
the colors of the border.
And the colors of the backgrounds.
These, so the way that the classes
should end up being applied,
is you should have both the button
class and button primary.
So this is sort of following
the Twitter Bootstrap convention.
Where button should have, teh btn should
have the structure of the button,
the padding and stuff like that.
And then button primary
should have colors,
things that distinguish
primary from secondary.
They should go in the primary and
secondary classes.
And then finally, just for now,
when you disable a button using
the colon disabled pseudo-selector,
and you can search for
that if you've never seen that before.
The opacity of that button
should decrease to 50% or 0.0/5.
And all the tests that are in place they
should steer you towards this result so
you have a bunch of really
test waiting for you there.
So I'm gonna give everyone
ten minutes to complete this,
and please let me know if you
have problems with the setup.
I will do my best to unstick you.
>> Speaker 2: Like
that plugin you were just talking about,
was that the CSS triggers?
>> Mike North: Right, so
let me be unambiguous about that.
So the CSS Triggers plugin
is a nice one to have.
This is the one that I was
referring to specifically.
It's called LiveReload.
It's a really popular plugin.
All it does is it sets up a web socket,
and whenever you save a file,
the browser is told
that it should refresh.
This is optional.
It's what's gonna give you
the auto refreshing capability.
You don't need this, but
it is quite nice to have.